fixes #503: Not able to Insert Neo4j Map Data type using the neo4j-spark connector (#507)
neo4j-contrib/neo4j-spark-connector: doc/docs/modules/ROOT/pages/writing.adoc

`scriptResult` is the result from the last query contained within the `script` options
that is `RETURN 36 AS age;`

== Note about columns with Map type

When a Dataframe column is a map, what we do internally is to flatten the map as Neo4j does not support this type for graph entity properties; so for a Spark job like this:

[source,scala]
----
val data = Seq(
  ("Foo", 1, Map("inner" -> Map("key" -> "innerValue"))),
  ("Bar", 2, Map("inner" -> Map("key" -> "innerValue1"))),
).toDF("id", "time", "table")

data.write
  .mode(SaveMode.Append)
  .format(classOf[DataSource].getName)
  .option("url", SparkConnectorScalaSuiteIT.server.getBoltUrl)

>   .option("labels", ":MyNodeWithMapFlattend")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .option("labels", ":MyNodeWithFlattenedMap")
```

Author: Done

  .save()
----

> In Neo4j for the nodes with label `MyNodeWithMapFlattend` you'll find this information stored:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Neo4j for the nodes with label `MyNodeWithFlattenedMap` you'll find this information stored:
```

Author: Done

----

> MyNodeWithMapFlattend {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MyNodeWithFlattenedMap {
```

Author: Done

    id: 'Foo',
    time: 1,
    `table.inner.key`: 'innerValue'
}

> MyNodeWithMapFlattend {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MyNodeWithFlattenedMap {
```

Author: Done

    id: 'Bar',
    time: 1,
    `table.inner.key`: 'innerValue1'
}
----

> Now could happen that you have a Spark job like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now could could into problematic situations like the following one:
```

Author: @fbiville maybe:
```suggestion
Now could fall into problematic situations like the following one:
```
?

> Now could  into problematic situations like the following one:

Reviewer: missing a word here ^^

Author: done

[source,scala]
----
val data = Seq(
  ("Foo", 1, Map("key.inner" -> Map("key" -> "innerValue"), "key" -> Map("inner.key" -> "value"))),
  ("Bar", 1, Map("key.inner" -> Map("key" -> "innerValue1"), "key" -> Map("inner.key" -> "value1"))),
).toDF("id", "time", "table")
data.write
  .mode(SaveMode.Append)
  .format(classOf[DataSource].getName)
  .option("url", SparkConnectorScalaSuiteIT.server.getBoltUrl)

>   .option("labels", ":MyNodeWithMapFlattend")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .option("labels", ":MyNodeWithFlattenedMap")
```

Author: Done

  .save()
----

> which leads to have duplicates keys while we flatten it, the Neo4j Spark connector informs you with a WARN message like this;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the resulting flattened keys are duplicated, the Neo4j Spark will pick one of the associated value in a non-deterministic way and inform you with a `WARN` message like the following one:
```

Author: done

----
The field `table` which has a map {key.inner -> {key=innerValue}, key -> {inner.key=value}}
contains the following duplicated keys: [table.key.inner.key],

> you will loose information stored in these keys

Reviewer: see one of my first suggestion
if you accept it, you will need to change the message here

Author: done

----

> Because the information that we'll store into Neo4j will be this:

Reviewer: if it's a hash map, the iteration order is not guaranteed, so we could get `value[1]` or `innerValue[1]`, right?

Author: I extended the doc explaining that

----

> MyNodeWithMapFlattend {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MyNodeWithFlattenedMap {
```

Author: done

    id: 'Foo',
    time: 1,
    `table.key.inner.key`: 'innerValue'
}

> MyNodeWithMapFlattend {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MyNodeWithFlattenedMap {
```

Author: done

    time: 1,
    `table.key.inner.key`: 'innerValue1' // but it could be `value1` as the order is not guaranteed
}
----

=== Group duplicated keys to array of values

> You can use the option `schema.map.group.duplicate.keys` to avoid this problem, what the connector will do is to group all and only the values with duplicate keys into an array with all the values. The default value for the option is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the option `schema.map.group.duplicate.keys` to avoid this problem. The connector will group all the values with the same keys into an array. The default value for the option is `false`.
```
